Add database guidelines (#175)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/architecture/database_guidelines.md

Reviewer: Please create a database directory with guidelines, schemata and README.md as files below.

Reviewer: A new file in the to-be-created database directory, which introduces the user about what is to be known first about PermaplanT's database.

# Database Guidelines

> This document outlines the conventions and guidelines for designing and maintaining a well-structured and organized database. Please follow these guidelines to ensure consistency and ease of use across the database.

Reviewer: Please use on sentence per line, see doc/documentation.md

```suggestion
This document outlines the conventions and guidelines for designing and maintaining a well-structured and organized database.
Please follow these guidelines to ensure consistency and ease of use across the database.
```

## 1. Table Names

> **Plural**: Table names should be plural to accurately represent the multiple rows of data they contain. For example, use users instead of user.

Reviewer: I don't think we should give negative examples (how not to do it), simply give examples how it should be done, e.g.:

```suggestion
**Plural**: Table names should be plural to accurately represent the multiple rows of data they contain. For example: `users` and plants`.
```
